hey guys it's another two minutes
episode and two five facts about me so
let's get started
fact number five you have to know about
me is that my real name is not cheenu
but rather Srikant people call me to you
for two reasons number one it's because
it's a pet name that my parents gave me
when I was little and number two it's
because it's so hard for every other
person to pronounce Shrikant on roll
call when I call your name please raise
your hand and say here alright let's get
started
Adam Davis
David L felt
yeah he's here to arrest Rick can't
charlie is there a threat sir I can't
Chari here yeah I'm right here I'm right
here and it's pronounced us recon Chari
not strut camp Chari oh why didn't you
say so sir can't Chari
now you can probably see why I changed
my name to Chino fact number four if I
could have any superpower in the world
it'd be the ability to mind read minds
are very interesting to me because I've
always wondered what goes on in a
person's mind when he or she is not
moving their mouth I know what you're
thinking you are very very you can't
leave this room without oh man well I'm
gonna hear right now I should be playing
call of duty instead of sitting in this
room what that cake downstairs the cake
that's been hidden in that fridge
chocolate cake dude the cake is a lie
fact number three when I was in sixth
grade I was the master at the spongebob
laughs how did I lock that power well it
all started back in gym class all right
guys who could do the best one Bob
laughs in the room I can't sir allow me
to demonstrate
ah you are one talented kid atta boy
bag number two you know very interesting
fact about me is that I'm a very short
guy for my standards looking at Kobe
Bryant and LeBron James
I feel very intimidated by the future of
short people I mean those guys are
Giants they could crush us oh my god
this guy is so freaking tall I don't
tell anybody this but I secretly wish I
was taller you know it just feels so
weird being the shortest person around
number one the most important thing to
know about me is that I'm very very
awkward in nature I can't go out in the
world without being socially awkward oh
hey hey Robert how you been alright guys
thanks for watching please don't forget
to subscribe and hopefully you know me
much better